injustice
Brother Wrong, why are you here?
Why do you think I'm here?
How do I know what my brother is thinking?
Could it be that my brother misses me?
What did you do?
You know best
It seems that the warning I gave you last time was not enough.
Then I'll stop talking nonsense.
Given the years of attentive relationship between our two families
I'll let you go for now
You will go abroad for me immediately
Never come back without my permission
otherwise
I'll reveal everything you've done
Metal sends you in
No I am not going abroad
Not going abroad, right?
OK
Then I'll send you in now.
Brother Yuan, you can't treat me like this
Why so many years of love?
I like you so much because of you.
Brother Yuan, you can't treat me like this
Brother Xiaoru
Brother save me
No one is allowed to enter without throbbing
I know the people inside let me in
Si Xiaoxiao
I know you're in there, tell them to get out of the way
I have something to tell you.
Si Xiaoxiao
Don't you want to know whose baby is in your belly?
You tell them to get out of the way
I'll tell you.
Let him in!